In the next few programming assignments, we'll implement a text adventure game.
It's interesting to compare text adventure games to UNIX's directory structure.
In text games you walk between rooms containing objects you can examine & move;
in UNIX you change between directories containing files you can examine & move.
These games also have locked doors that you cannot get through without a key or
combination; UNIX directories can also have permissions set to deny you access.
Some objects can be hidden, and so can some UNIX files. So we can learn UNIX
while having fun writing a game.

The specific text adventure game that we will be recreating is one level of
a game called Dunnet. The main reason that I've chosen this specific game is
that you already have it in your UNIX system, because it comes with the emacs
text editor. (Yes, I know that that is weird, why should a text editor have a
game built into it?) Emacs is a good option for creating text files in UNIX.
Many programmers use it. It takes a few minutes to memorize the key codes for
simple commands. Many of these key codes also work on the UNIX command prompt,
so it makes sense to learn them anyway (see the last few slides of lecture #1).

To play the game, first verify that you have installed the emacs text editor.
You don't want to install it to play this game -- you want it because it is
a good word processor to use for UNIX programming. (But it also, inexplicably,
does contain this game.) To verify that you have emacs, type (ignore the %):
    % emacs

If it doesn't run, then install it.  Once emacs is running, close it by typing
Ctrl-x, Ctrl-c. I only had you open it to test if it was installed -- the
dunnet game is going to be run from the UNIX command prompt, not from within
the emacs screen. (You run it by typing: "emacs -batch -l dunnet".)

We will now begin discussing the current programming assignment. In this first
assignment, you will create the directories and files that map to part of the
Dunnet game. (In the next homework we will use aliases to create some of the
game's commands.) Once you've created the correct directory and file structure,
then you will create a tarfile to submit it.

If you are reading this file, then you must have: 1) successfully untarred the
PA1.tar file, 2) gone into the PA1 directory that was made when you untarred,
and 3) displayed this README file. So let's take a look at that directory:
    % cd ~/PA1
    % ls
    descriptions.txt            findYourOutput.exe  PA1assignment.txt
    expectedOutput              gradingPolicy.txt   README
    explanatoryWalkthrough.txt  objects.txt         savedgame
    %

The explanatoryWalkthrough.txt file explains how to play the dunnet game,
particularly the part that we will be implementing in this homework. Read this
walkthrough file next, after you finish reading this README file.

The savedgame file is used by the dunnet game, in order to load up the part
of the game that we'll be implementing. The explanatoryWalkthrough.txt file
describes how to use this savedgame file.

The PA1assignment.txt file describes the details of this first homework. You
will want to read that file after you finish reading the walkthrough.

The descriptions.txt and objects.txt files contain the text that you will be
placing into various files that you need to create in this first homework. How
you are to do this is discussed in the PA1assignment.txt file.

The gradingPolicy.txt file explains the strict rules that will be employed
in grading the homework. Most important is to know the stiff penalties for
cheating. The course name is "UNIX System Programming"; therefore, it has the
word "programming" in the title. This means that programming is a crucial part
of the course. Your assignments will, in fact be worth 42% of your final grade.
It is therefore a very serious matter to cheat on the homework. So don't cheat.
Also, read the grading policy and know what is allowed and disallowed.

The gradingPolicy.txt file also describes the strict rules involving partial
credit. Each assignment will have a basic standard of performance. If your
submitted file does not match the basic standard, then it will receive a 0.
This strict rule is necessary to allow the grading to be able to be completed
in reasonable time (and to leave the grader enough time to look for cheating).
It explains how to use the findYourOutput.exe file to see if you match the
basic standard.

The findYourOutput.exe file is not meant to be read. It is used to create a
listing of your output, which can be compared to the expectedOutput file.

The expectedOutput file is the basic standard of performance that is expected
for the first homework. The PA1assignment.txt file will explain how you can
check your answer against the expected output. If you view this file you will
see that it lists every file and directory that you will create. This listing
has a nice feature, that each individual directory appears in one place. What
do I mean? Well consider the receivingRoom, it has an axe and a shovel (among
other things). It also has a door to the east. the find command alphabetizes
these things, so "axe" comes before "e" which comes before "shovel". This is
not the best ordering, because it means the axe and shovel do not appear near
each other when you type: find . -name "*".  But they do appear near each
other in the expectedOutput file. (And in the output of findYourOutput.txt.)

Now that you've finished reading this file, the next step is to proceed on to
reading the explanatoryWalkthrough.txt file, then the PA1assignment.txt file,
then the gradingPolicy.txt file...
